### Purpose
- Apply z-illumination correction per object in 3D image.
- Task takes as input user-defined channels and z-illumination correction tables,
    and applies correction to the channel images. The channel of the table is matched to the channel of the
    input image based on wavelength id or label. For multiplexing experiments, the user can specify which round(s) and
    channel(s) the z-illumination correction should be applied to.
- The z-illumination correction is applied per object, as different objects can have different z-illumination
    profiles. The object segmentation image is provided with "label_name" and corresponding "roi_table" task inputs.
    The label IDs of these objects must match the ID's that z-illumination calculation was run on (e.g. by running
    Calculate Object Linking).
- Processing proceeds as follows, with chunk-wise parallelization by Dask:
- (1) The input correction table (anndata) is used to generate a 3D correction array that matches the size and
    chunking of the label image. The correction array values are initialized to 1, and for regions where a segmented
    object exists, 1 is replaced with the value of the z-correction table for the object and z-position. If the
    correction table has been generated by the Calculate Z-Illumination Correction task, values of array are 0 to 1;
    values closer to 0 will have a stronger correction.
- (2) Background (user-specified per input channel) is subtracted from the channel image prior to correction. Task
    assumes that background is not object-dependent.
- (3) The channel image is divided element-wise by the correction array.
- (4) Background is added back.

### Outputs
- Output is the input zarr image array, with channels selected for correction replaced with the corrected version.
    Channels in zarr that were not selected but still present in zarr remain unmodified. The output zarr has data
    type "z_illum_corrected", even if some channels remain uncorrected.
- The user has option to overwrite input (=True), in which case the uncorrected zarr is deleted and replaced with
    the corrected zarr. If False, a new zarr is generated (warning - this causes data duplication) with the
    specified suffix added, output_group_suffix.
